Hi Tony, you look tired.
Yes, I'm training for the big match next week.
Who are you playing against?
H-A-S.
What does H-A-S stand for?
High D-N All Stars.
Oh yes, it'll be a difficult match.
Didn't they beat you last time?
Yes, they did, but…
What was the score?
If my memory is correct, H-A-S 98 points to B-I-G 52.
But Darming wasn't chosen for the team last time.
That was a bad decision.
We can't play well without him.
That's no excuse.
But Darming is back now.
There's no difference between the two teams this season.
When is the match?
It's next Saturday at noon.
But if you want good seats, you should come by 1130.
Are you coming?
I'm not sure.
Do you think they'll win Ling Ling?
No way.
How many matches have you played against H-A-S this year?
Well, about three.
And how many have H-A-S won?
Most of them?
Wrong.
All of them.
Face the truth, Tony.
You've got no chance.
I don't agree.
That's not fair.
Tony leaves angrily.
Remember to throw the ball.
Not kick it, Tony.
He's so mad at us that he'll try harder to win just to show we're wrong.
Nice work, Betty.
I do hope they win this time.
We'll be there to cheer for them.